Document the new `canvasKitVariant` runtime configuration (#8475)
flutter/website: src/development/platform-integration/web/initialization.md

| Name | Description | Dart&nbsp;Type |
|-|-|-|
|`canvasKitBaseUrl`| The base URL from where `canvaskit.wasm` is downloaded. |`String`|

> |`canvasKitVariant`| The variant of CanvasKit to be downloaded. Available options are:<br><br>1. "auto": Chooses the most optimal variant for the browser (this is the default).<br><br>2. "full": Downloads the full variant of CanvasKit that works in all browsers.<br><br>3. "chromium": Downloads a smaller variant of CanvasKit that takes advantage of APIs that are only available in Chromium (**_WARNING_**: don't use the "chromium" option unless you know what you are doing. If you use it, your app will break on non-Chromium browsers). |`String`|

Reviewer: **issue:** Use `monospace` type for options. Relax the point about Chromium at the end.
```suggestion
|`canvasKitVariant`| The variant of CanvasKit to be downloaded. Available options are:<br><br>1. `auto`: Chooses the most optimal variant for the browser. The option defaults to this value.<br><br>2. `full`: Downloads the full variant of CanvasKit that works in all browsers.<br><br>3. `chromium`: Downloads a smaller variant of CanvasKit that uses APIs compatible with Chromium. **_Warning_**: Don't use the `chromium` option unless plan on only using Chromium-based browsers. |`String`|
```
